Hi everyone! Blesbey here! And what
I'm going to show you is how to make a
water vegetable glycerin mix that you
can use in your hair on a daily basis.
and I know there's been a lot of these
videos out there, and this is probably
going to be another one of those water
vegetable glycerin mix videos ,but I'm
I'm actually making this because i had a
new friend of mine request that I make
it. I couldn't show her in person so I'm
like hey I'll just make a video for you.
you can watch it later! So that's the
reason I'm making it. so, uh... but it could
be helpful for anyone else who maybe
just recently big chopped, or you're... i
guess if you recently big chopped and
you're newly natural,... or just someone
who wants to try some other natural
product in their hair.
I use this on a daily... well I won't say on a
daily basis.Probably every other day.
But, I kinda use it if my hair feels kind of
dry. Vegetable glycerin is a humectant and
it draws moisture from the air... so... I mean if it's a nice day outside and you're
going to be out enjoying the nice
weather, you might want to use the
vegetable glycerin mix in your hair to just..I don't know
draw in some extra moisture. ok, guys! So
what you'll need to make the vegetable
glycerin water mix is vegetable glycerin
right here,
water. This right here is bottled water. I
like to use bottled water because the
water my tap is just not well. it's not
filtered. I don't have like a filter
thing attached to the bottom,
so I'm just trying to keep it pure. So,
bottled water,
an essential oil of your choice. Right
here i have rosemary oil, but you can by
all means use peppermint oil, lavender
oil, whatever you choose to use. Like
i said, this is just what i have at the
moment rosemary oil. And actually,
rosemary oil and peppermint oil are my
two favorite scents to use in mixtures
that I make.And lastly, you will need a
spray bottle right here. And this is one
that I got at Walmart. Probably for like...
probably a dollar.So, i don't remember.It
was a long time ago, but I like this one.
It's a little bit bigger and it
has a nice little spray handle so it makes
it easy to spray.
So, um, the vegetable glycerin if you're
wondering where i got it, i actually sell
it at my website frogirls.com.
No this is not a plug for me to sell
stuff for my website,
it's just, you know, where I happen to
sell vegetable glycerin and it's only
four dollars in case you do want to buy
it.
so, we're going to start the mixture by
taking the vegetable glycerin... and I have
this bottle here just because this is one
that I've been using for my personal use.
So you open up the bottle or get out
your vegetable glycerin. Eww look! There's
hair on the side.
Ok, anyway! There's always hair everywhere in
my life. Ok, no my hair is not falling out!
It just happens to shed
normally I guess.So, you're going to
take your spray bottle... and when I do
this I don't measure anything at all
because it's just for me... it's just put a
little vegetable glycerin, put a little water
in the other thing and then it's done.
So, i just add some vegetable glycerin.
Vegetable glycerin is like syrupy
for those of you who haven't, who haven't tried it yet.
And... i'm going to say that's enough.A
little goes a long way.You know, I could
have used too much, but it's what i'm using at the moment. so, okay so i put the vegetable
glycerin in and this is about how much is
in it.
I don't know how much or how well you
can see that.Then next I'm going to
take my water, my filtered water,... so i'm
going to put the water in there and
you're going to just fill the whole
thing up with water.I love this
stuff guys! It's all natural, there's
nothing that's going to harm my hair in
it.
Vegetable glycerin a vegetable derived,
no mineral oil, no other chemicals.
Nothing that's going to harm your hair
if you're against using lots of unatural
products in your hair.
Ok, and then lastly you're going to add
your essential oil.
Remember, I chose rosemary oil..... And this is purely for scent, but i don't know,... if
you read about rosemary oil and other or
essential oils they have some properties
that can help your hair.I'm not going
to go into that. You can research it for
yourself.
i'm going to put put about 10 drops in
here.It may be excessive for some but I
really like my stuff to smell strong.
So, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Okay, it's going
kind of fast so it may be more than 10
in there
Ok, so now that all my ingredients are
added I'm just going to take the top, put it
on my bottle here.
Look at my old lady hands! My hands just
look so rough! I feel like I have
like old lady hands already and I'm only
27.
Ok, so you're just going to take it and shake it ...and that's it! There you have it!
It's all done! So there's your vegetable
glycerin water mix. Like I said I
use it every other day.
Some people use it every day. The reason
I use it every other day is because I
don't...I mean my hair stays soft. I mean
honestly, I could probably go three days
without using it again but I just do it
every other day.Also what I do
in the morning is I spray, on those days
that I don't use this, I spray more
water, but I do use water every day in my
hair.On those days, like I said, on
those days that I don't use this,I
spray even more water in my hair.
Ok, guys! I hope this is helpful for those
of you out there who didn't
know how to make a vegetable glycerin
water mix.This is just my way of making
it and i've been using it since I've
been natural. So, yeah!
Alright! Thanks for watching guys! Love
you!